So we're very happy that we able to pass data, so we click we go to the details page or screen, and
we're passing the avatar with this case, the movie title, so it can go back.
Now this going back here can see this is a button in.
Some of your phones may have a back button, but it can see newer phones.
Nowadays, they don't really have this physical back button.
In fact, mine doesn't really have that.
The reason why I have it here is because I'm running this software that is mirroring my phone, so it
just gives this back home buttons.
So and also on top of that, you can see that we have this top bar here, which allows us to put all
sorts of things.
So if you click here, I notice we don't have that there.
It will be nice to have our top bar there as well.
But before that, let's understand how do we go back to the main screen this case home without hitting
the back button?
So let's start small.
So inside of our detailed screen right after the text, I can just go ahead and say, Button, just
create a simple button, right?
And then we have the one click.
Given that and then inside here, instead of a button, we're going to put a text white kind of some
kind of a label to say what this button is supposed to do, right?
So some kind of a label.
So I'm going to say here, go back like this.
Let's just put some space or a are here.
I want the modifier height.
Such let's give it about twenty three dpi.
Let's go ahead and put dpi my section.
OK, very good.
So let's go ahead and run again.
OK, let's go to 300, you can see there is a back button.
All right, nice.
Now what is they want to do?
Well, we just want to go back to the previous screen in this case, his previous composable now because
the way navigation works is that we do have a stack that happens as we navigate.
So when we go from our main screen here, our home screen, this is the first item on the stack and
we click, we go to this one.
Then we now this is the one on top of the first stack, right on top of the first item in our stack.
To go back at that means we have to pop the screen, which is on top of the stack right now, that way,
then we can go to the previous item on the stack.
So what do we do in our own?
Click here?
It's very simple.
Now, remember, this is the beauty.
That's why we passed the NAF controller all along.
Ah, so the Snap controller here I can use it.
I can say nav controller because again, it controls everything, knows what needs to be done, and
it directs everything right.
It gets enough controller.
Look at this again that can say pop back or it can navigate again.
Remember this?
Right?
So what I want, I just want to say, I'm just going to pop back stack.
That's all.
If I run a reporter, go back, not go back.
All right.
Very good.